Middle_Element_Of_Singly_Linked_List_C++.md (#7261)
girlscript/winter-of-contributing: C_CPP/Data Structures/Linked List/Singly Linked List (Normal Linked List)/Middle_Element_Of_Singly_Linked_List_C++.md

# MIDDLE ELEMENT OF SINGLY LINKED LIST
## INPUT :

> A singly linked list which is inputed by user.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Singly linked lists which are inputed by user.  
```

Example 1 : 10->9->8->7->6  
Example 2 : 10->9->8->7->6->5
## OUTPUT:
Middle of the given linked list. If list has even number of nodes, then print the second middle element.  
For first example, middle will be 8.  
For second example, middle will be 7. (because we will take the second middle element in case of even number of nodes)
## APPROACH :
* Ask the user for number of nodes in the linked list.

> * Create the Linked list by inputing the data value given by user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create the Linked list by inputting the data value given by user.
```

> * Traverse the whole linked list and calculate the number of nodes in that list. Lets say : n nodes are there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Traverse the whole linked list and calculate the number of nodes in that list. Let's say : n nodes are there.
```
